# ActiGraph-data
ActiGraph data provides data that contains counts or raw IMU data. IMU data contains accelerometer, gyroscope, and magnetometer data. This repository contains several projects that aid in importing, filtering, and graphing this kind of ActiGraph data.
Additionally, this repository contains two convolutional neural network models and a peak detection-based repetition counting algorithm to determine if resistance training was performed across a day of wear-time data, what exercises were performed (out of 10 dumbbell exercises), and how many repetitions were performed across each exercise (between 8-12 repetitions). Of course, the data that you collect may differ from mine, so appropriately adjusting the parameters of the code featured in this project to your dataset may be critical.

This project could not have been completed without the guidance of Dr. Paul Hibbing and the hard work of my research assistants who helped to process this data. Without these individuals, this work would've been nothing more than a far-fetched idea by an ambitious master's student and would be far less effective for assessing participation in resistance training in free-living conditions. 

This work hopes to build on the paucity of research looking at objectively measured resistance training. To our knowledge, this is the first project to objectively assess participation in resistance training in free-living conditions. I hope that one day we can properly assess participation in a mode of exercise that is understudied and underappreciated for its health benefits, yet dearly loved by so many. 
